Add two permissions and prerequisites in Flatpak docs (#4123)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_mirroring-remote-flatpak-repositories-to-project-products.adoc

You can mirror a Flatpak repository from a Flatpak remote into an existing product in {Project} to make it available for content management and distribution.

This action creates a new repository inside the product you selected.
You can now synchronize the repository to pull down its content.
Flatpak repositories are container repositories and you can add them to content views like other container repositories.

Flatpak applications require a corresponding runtime environment, which the Flatpak remote also provides.
To make the {EL} 10 Mozilla Firefox Flatpak available to a host, ensure that the host can access the matching `rhel10/flatpak-runtime` repository.

.Prerequisites

> * Your {Project} account has the following permissions for Flatpak remotes: `create_flatpak_remotes`, `view_flatpak_remotes`, `edit_flatpak_remotes`, and `destroy_flatpak_remotes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your {Project} account has a role that grants the following permissions: `create_flatpak_remotes`, `view_flatpak_remotes`, `edit_flatpak_remotes`, and `destroy_flatpak_remotes`.
```

> * Ensure that Flatpak runtime repositories are available to clients alongside application repositories, because Flatpak applications, such as `rhel9/firefox-flatpak`, depend on the runtime for installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Ensure that Flatpak runtime repositories are available to hosts alongside application repositories, because Flatpak applications, such as `rhel9/firefox-flatpak`, depend on the runtime for installation.
```

same as above.

> * Ensure that Flatpak runtime repositories are available to clients alongside application repositories, because Flatpak applications such as `rhel9/firefox-flatpak` depend on them for installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that Flatpak runtime repositories are available to clients alongside application repositories, because Flatpak applications, such as `rhel9/firefox-flatpak`, depend on the runtime for installation.
```
Let's avoid pronouns for clarity.

Flatpak applications require a corresponding runtime environment, which the Flatpak remote also provides. 
To make the {EL} 10 Mozilla Firefox Flatpak available to a host, ensure that the host can access the matching `rhel10/flatpak-runtime` repository.

.Prerequisites
* Your {Project} account has a role that grants the `create_flatpak_remotes` permission. 
 
 * Your {Project} account has the `view_flatpak_remotes`, `edit_flatpak_remotes`, and `destroy_flatpak_remotes` permissions to view, modify, or delete Flatpak remotes. 

* Flatpak applications rely on Flatpak runtimes. 
For example, `rhel9/firefox-flatpak` depends on `rhel9/flatpak-runtime`.

* Ensure that runtime repositories are available to clients alongside application repositories for installations to work.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Flatpak Remotes*.
. In the list of Flatpak Remotes, click the name of the remote you want to mirror.
. In the list of remote repositories, locate the repository you want to mirror.
. Select the *Mirror Action* menu on the row of the repository.
. In the *Mirror* window, select the existing product where you want to create the new repository.

> . Click *Mirror*.

Reviewer 2: It looks like you're changing the file ending. See https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/4095

Could you please have a look at your editor settings; I suspect that it's something done by your editor & not by choice.
